She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. She paused and considered all that had happened. It had gone as expected. When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day. Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning. The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. The other toys grumbled beneath. At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box. Housework could be everyone work, not just women work. Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. My friend husband claimed he did know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. He said he did know one had to clean toilets. He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. Would it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is just bad at it. My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided. I recently discovered I could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. I tried it with dark chocolate chunks and I tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. It better with both kinds. It comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. The best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is Rocky Road. It takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. All things in moderation, friends. All things in moderation. Sometimes there is a good answer. No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it does make sense. And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. Why? The box sat on the desk next to the computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. She did who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life. The river slowly meandered through the open space. It had hidden secrets that it did want to reveal. It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. That how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water edge. Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air. MaryLou wore the tiara with pride. There was something that made doing anything she did really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. She really did care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment. He wandered down the stairs and into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years. He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live. They needed to find a place to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they did find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this, the solution was easy. Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly. It was always the Monday mornings. It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork. He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case. What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life. He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. Although it was soft and calming, he was wary. It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap. She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. She paused and considered all that had happened. It had gone as expected. When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day. Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning. The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. The other toys grumbled beneath. At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box. Housework could be everyone work, not just women work. Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. My friend husband claimed he did know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. He said he did know one had to clean toilets. He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. Would it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is just bad at it. My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided. I recently discovered I could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. I tried it with dark chocolate chunks and I tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. It better with both kinds. It comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. The best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is Rocky Road. It takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. All things in moderation, friends. All things in moderation. Sometimes there is a good answer. No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it does make sense. And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. Why? The box sat on the desk next to the computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. She did who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life. The river slowly meandered through the open space. It had hidden secrets that it did want to reveal. It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. That how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water edge. Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air. MaryLou wore the tiara with pride. There was something that made doing anything she did really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. She really did care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment. He wandered down the stairs and into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years. He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live. They needed to find a place to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they did find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this, the solution was easy. Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly. It was always the Monday mornings. It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork. He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case. What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life. He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. Although it was soft and calming, he was wary. It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap. She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. She paused and considered all that had happened. It had gone as expected. When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day. Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning. The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. The other toys grumbled beneath. At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box. Housework could be everyone work, not just women work. Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. My friend husband claimed he did know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. He said he did know one had to clean toilets. He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. Would it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is just bad at it. My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided. I recently discovered I could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. I tried it with dark chocolate chunks and I tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. It better with both kinds. It comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. The best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is Rocky Road. It takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. All things in moderation, friends. All things in moderation. Sometimes there is a good answer. No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it does make sense. And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. Why? The box sat on the desk next to the computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. She did who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life. The river slowly meandered through the open space. It had hidden secrets that it did want to reveal. It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. That how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water edge. Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air. MaryLou wore the tiara with pride. There was something that made doing anything she did really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. She really did care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment. He wandered down the stairs and into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years. He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live. They needed to find a place to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they did find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this, the solution was easy. Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly. It was always the Monday mornings. It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork. He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case. What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life. He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. Although it was soft and calming, he was wary. It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap. She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. She paused and considered all that had happened. It had gone as expected. When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day. Her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. The morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. There was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning. The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. The other toys grumbled beneath. At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box. Housework could be everyone work, not just women work. Why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? Somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. My friend husband claimed he did know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. He said he did know one had to clean toilets. He assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. She tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. Would it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is just bad at it. My sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. Hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided. I recently discovered I could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. I tried it with dark chocolate chunks and I tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. It better with both kinds. It comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. The best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is Rocky Road. It takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. All things in moderation, friends. All things in moderation. Sometimes there is a good answer. No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it does make sense. And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. Why? The box sat on the desk next to the computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. She did who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life. The river slowly meandered through the open space. It had hidden secrets that it did want to reveal. It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. That how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water edge. Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air. MaryLou wore the tiara with pride. There was something that made doing anything she did really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. She really did care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment. He wandered down the stairs and into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years. He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live. They needed to find a place to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they did find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this, the solution was easy. Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly. It was always the Monday mornings. It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork. He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case. What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life. He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. Although it was soft and calming, he was wary. It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap. She really did care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment. He wandered down the stairs and into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years. He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live. They needed to find a place to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they did find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this, the solution was easy. Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly. It was always the Monday mornings. It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork. He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case. What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life. He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. Although it was soft and calming, he was wary. It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap, She really did care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment. He wandered down the stairs and into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years. He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live. They needed to find a place to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they did find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this, the solution was easy. Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly. It was always the Monday mornings. It never seemed to happen on Tuesday morning, Wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. But it happened every Monday morning like clockwork. He mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case. What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life. He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. Although it was soft and calming, he was wary. It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap,She really did care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment. He wandered down the stairs and into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. A single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over 25 years. He was positive that this was the place he wanted to live. They needed to find a place to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they did find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this, the solution was easy. Everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. It seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.